i don't think you know what "science" is, bot. you just threw some shit together, and it shows.

open thread for the official republican response:


sports center?

really. reallry?? the gravity of the state of the union and you invole sports center deadline?

the go on to unemployment.

nice segway. niiiice.


vague references to the dangers of more regulation, taxation.

points to larger unemployment and debts than expected a year ago. but what have republicans done to help things? nothing.


offshore oil as a means to energy.

good thing there's no such thing as human caused global warming, amiright???

oh shit..

he criticized obama for the underwear bomber response when bush admin did the same criminal court response for the show bomber.

stick a fork in him. he's done.


lol. well, he had neither.


that's the opposition party, brice.

they are republicans. that's how we roll.


OMG.

MUCH less applause under obama than bush. maybe the same number of times, but MUCH less duration per occasion.

MUCH less.


with some ideas other than, "HEY LETS GIVE TAX BREAKS WE CANNOT AFFORD TO THE WEALTH, GO TO MARS, AND END SEX TRAFFICING"

that was bush's.

everything is relative i suppose.

i hope he mentions bush's mission to mars!!!! and maybe bush's war on sex slavery!!!


COMPLETELY UNFUNDED PIPE DREAMS OF MARS, BITCHES! THAT'S WHERE IT'S AT!!!

i was shooting .22 rifles at 8 years, mowed lawns 'semi-professionally' at 14, unsupervised beach camping at 15, rave scene at 16, engaged to a smoking hot hawaiian girl at 17 (didn't get married though :)


probably not by enough to recoup the $4MIL investment any time soon though... i don't know the profit margin on a Sunday subscription but it can't be that high...



in marketing, this is the decoy effect (sunday only, sunday + web, web only). "the economist" magazine actually does the same thing.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asymmetric_dominance_effect

and it might have been successful if it weren't for those meddlesome kids and their $4MIL website pricetag!

then, mail the dvd to your office, to your boss, with instructions for him to hand you the dvd as soon as possible.

the dvd will not contain the files you need of course, it will be a treasure map indicating the location of another dvd that you had burned the week before.

you'll need about a week of vacation, and approx USD $3500.

... that you mailed to your boss, with a treasure map on it...

same boat as AHA.

christ, i wanna finish this job up already. i need something new.

